everybody starts episode eight gosh the
first film didn't even have a number
brian has written a story that's
unexpected but right
[Music]
some of the stuff that happens people
gonna be not oh my god
even though I think I know it all they
throw things at me story wise I never
could have imagined
and even though everybody knows it's the
second in a trilogy it feels like its
own thing
Star Wars is so cool because there's all
these creatures
all these amazing visual effects
like all the characters are also so
complex
Brian nice Ilocos Wilkie sells
particular new director connie vicious
slander walkie sound
[Music]
feels like the storylines become more
established
we're really getting to know these new
characters also with the characters that
we know and love
nice change
everything is being shifted in the
opposite way to what the audience
expected after 7:00
Brian's made Star Wars fresh in you
I'm hoping it'll be a little shocking
but I'm hoping it'll feel real and
honest
the fermentation story of good against
evil
hold in the most fascinating way but it
has a real spiritual depth to it
it's about family and that's what's so
powerful about it